Update Getting Started in Datadog, part 2: content (#32238)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/application/_index.md

**Key capabilities**:

- Automatically collect logs from all services, applications, and platforms.
- View and search logs in real time and filter by things like service, host, and error type.
- Choose which logs to keep and for how long, reducing storage costs.

Navigate to [Logs][8] in the app to get started. To learn more, read the [Log Management documentation][6].

## APM & Continuous Profiler

[Datadog Application Performance Monitoring][9] (APM or tracing) provides you with deep insight into your application's performance side by side with your logs and infrastructure monitoring.

**Key capabilities**:

- Trace requests to an application from end to end across a distributed system.
- See performance bottlenecks by visualizing time spent at each step of the request.
- Configure your sampling rate to cut down on noise.
- Automatically discover dependencies for an instrumented service, without having to directly instrument the dependency.

Navigate to [APM][10] in the app to get started. To learn more, read the [APM documentation][9]
<!-- is this the right link in the product? -->

## RUM & Session Replay

> Datadog [Real User Monitoring][11] (RUM) allows you to visualize and analyze real-time user activities and experiences. With [Session Replay][12], you can capture and view the web browsing sessions of your users to better understand their behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog [Real User Monitoring][11] (RUM) allows you to visualize and analyze real-time user activities and experiences across web and mobile applications. With [Session Replay][12], you can capture and view user sessions to better understand their behavior.
```

## Synthetic Monitoring

Datadog [Synthetic Monitoring][14] allows you to create and run API, browser, and mobile tests that proactively simulate user transactions on your applications. These tests monitor all internal and external network endpoints across your system's layers. 

**Key capabilities**:

- Test business-critical API endpoints and user journeys.
- Detect errors, identify regressions, and automate rollbacks to prevent issues from surfacing in production.
- Find and alert on performance issues for users in various locations.

Navigate to [Synthetic Monitoring & Testing][15] in the app to get started. To learn more, read the [Synthetic Monitoring documentation][14].

## Integrations

Use Datadog's {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} [integrations][16] to bring together all of the metrics and logs from your infrastructure and gain insights into your entire observability system.

{{< img src="getting_started/application/integrations-2025.png" alt="Integrations" >}}

**Key capabilities**:

- Available integrations cover cloud technologies, incident response, data layers, security, AI, and more.
- Build your own integration using the [developer documentation][17].

> - After integrations have been configured, all data is treated the same throughout Datadog, whether it is living in a data center or in an online service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- After integrations have been configured, all data is treated the same throughout Datadog, whether it is living in a data center or in an online service.
- Build your own integration using the [developer documentation][17].
```
I'd switch these two bullets, cos the I think the user is most likely to be interested in the first two.

[Host and container maps][4] give you a visual overview of all your hosts and containers, color-coding them by key metrics like CPU usage so you can spot issues.

**Key capabilities**:

- View your entire infrastructure at once as a visual map.
- Color-code by a variety of metrics to help you spot performance issues, and filter and group by tags and metadata.
- Drill down into individual hosts or containers to troubleshoot.

Navigate to [**Infrastructure > Host Map**][5] in the app to get started. To learn more, read the [Host and Container Maps documentation][4].

## Log Management

[Datadog Log Management][6] lets you send and process every log produced by your applications and infrastructure. You can observe your logs in real-time using the [Live Tail][7], without indexing them.

**Key capabilities**:

- Automatically collect logs from all services, applications, and platforms.
- View and search logs in real time and filter by things like service, host, and error type.
- Choose which logs to keep and for how long, reducing storage costs.

Navigate to [Logs][8] in the app to get started. To learn more, read the [Log Management documentation][6].

> ## APM & Continuous Profiler

Reviewer 3: We don't actually mention Continuous Profiler, so I think we should omit from the heading.
```suggestion
## APM
```

[Datadog Application Performance Monitoring][9] (APM or tracing) provides you with deep insight into your application's performance side by side with your logs and infrastructure monitoring.

**Key capabilities**:

- Trace requests to an application from end to end across a distributed system.
- See performance bottlenecks by visualizing time spent at each step of the request.
- Configure your sampling rate to cut down on noise.
- Automatically discover dependencies for an instrumented service, without having to directly instrument the dependency.

> Navigate to [APM][10] in the app to get started. To learn more, read the [APM documentation][9]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Navigate to [APM][10] in the app to get started. To learn more, read the [APM documentation][9].
```

> <!-- is this the right link in the product? -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

## RUM & Session Replay

Datadog [Real User Monitoring][11] (RUM) allows you to visualize and analyze real-time user activities and experiences across web and mobile applications. With [Session Replay][12], you can capture and view user sessions to better understand their behavior.

**Key capabilities**:
- Monitor performance across web browsers and mobile platforms (iOS, Android, React Native, Flutter, and more) with Core Web Vitals and Mobile Vitals.
- Track and troubleshoot errors with automated grouping, crash reporting, and suspect commit identification.
- Detect user frustration signals like rage clicks and error clicks to identify UX issues.
- Monitor feature flag performance and adoption.
- Correlate frontend issues with backend traces, logs, and infrastructure metrics for full-stack visibility.

> Navigate to the [RUM explorer][13] in the app to get started. To learn more, read the [RUM documentation][11]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Navigate to the [RUM explorer][13] in the app to get started. To learn more, read the [RUM documentation][11].
```
